To make sure that we can all have orders in his application we'll repeat something we did before.
We'll work on the orders screen and we'll work on our redux logic so that we can store orders.
So let's start by adding in your reducer.
The orders jazz fall which holds our orders reducer and of course will all the to actions follow where
we manage our order related actions to orders shares fall as well.
So let's start with the orders J.S. reducer is fall here and again as always will want to have some
initial state here which also kind of defines how our data is shaped in there and orders will be really
simple in this application.
It'll be just an array of orders that that's really all we need.
Then we can export a default function here which is our reducer which of course has a state that's initialized
with the initial state that receives an action and that of course is all handled by redux and we return
our state here.
But of course typically we also then want to switch on the action type and handle a couple of different
cases here as we can already add this switch statement now.
Regarding the cases we want to handle at the actions we want to handle all there is.
There is one action I want to handle right now and that is my ADD order actions so add order.
Also looks like a fitting identifier and then I'll export my ADD order.
Action creator here which should receive two things now.
My card items or the items that are part of the order but these are my card items the end and of course
the total amount and that's of course all the data we have in the card in the end we manage the card
right.
We have a card total amount and we have the items of the card and since we order our whole card it of
course makes sense that this data ends up in the order.
Now here in the action creator we get for return our new action object and this action object has a
type which is at order and then for example order data key where we merge our card items store them
in a card and items property and then amount holds total amount for example.
Now it's up to you whether you passed us in one merged order data property or if you have two or more
properties as part of your action object.
This is the action back to the reducer what should happen when we get an order.
Well I want to create a new order object and for this justice before I'll work with my own models.
Let's go to the models folder and there add a ordered jazz file where we have a class order which will
export.
So today again don't forget this in there we get a constructor that allows us to create a new order.
Now how should the order look like our order should have an I.D. of course which is not the product
that.
Because we can of course order the same product multiple times and therefore order is totally detached.
In addition order can hold more than one product.
In the end we order our whole cart there.
So order has a standalone I.D..
It will it gets the items the total amount and order all needs a date of course because when we make
an order we want to store that state when it was made.
And then I'll store all that data.
Get my d get my items here get the total amount and also get the date with that.
Let's go back to the reducer to the orders reducer and see what we can do with the order a stair India.
I want to handle the add order a case right now which is the only action I have.
So you need to import does action identifier of course and there I want to create a new order store
in the New Order.
Constant with the order model we just created which India for all to have to import.
Now if the new keyword we can create a new javascript object based on that class and there we need to
I.D. the items the total amount and to create a date.
Now we only get the items in the total amount as part of our action here as you can tell.
Now the idea is something will later generate dynamically on a server for the moment.
I'll use a dummy pseudo unique I.D. with new date to string a date of course is a built in javascript
object and this in the end generates an I.D. which is kind of unique.
Technically we could create two orders at the exact same timestamp at the exact same millisecond though
in our app where we cleared a card after pressing add order or order.
Now this will not really be possible.
So this is a good dummy idea for the moment.
It should be a string so that's important.
And in addition to that the items of course that can be stored we get this on our action right.
The action has to use this order data property and in there we'll have the items.
So action order data dot items gives us the items for the total amount we can use.
Action Dot.
Order data dot.
And then there we have to surmount property which we can extract.
So there we can use this.
Last but not least for the date I of course want to generate the timestamp here with new Date.
This built in JavaScript constructor if we executed like this gives us the current timestamp stored
in a javascript object at the end.
Now it is New Order just needs to be added to our orders array so we return and use state snapshot here
where we copy the old state again.
We don't really have any other state in here so copying it is redundant.
If we replace it anyways.
But in case you had a more complex state snapshot here for this slice of your redux store you would
want to make sure you copy the average state so that you don't lose it.
That's why I added here and then I said orders equal to state orders and now call cone cat on this array
which is a built in javascript function that adds a new item to an array and returns a new array that
includes that item.
So the old array stays untouched the new Array is returned and that of course allows us to update this
in an immutable way where we never touched your original data but we set the new state by creating a
brand new Array that includes the new object and they are simply concatenate my new order with that
we can go to the app J.S. file and import the orders reduce our data from the store folder to rid users
folder and there the orders js file of course and merge that into our route to reduce or maybe without
orders identifier and then pointing at the orders reducer.
Now this should be a way label and now we can dispatch actions namely here our ad ordered action.
And of course tap into that states lies and get our orders dispatching actions as the first thing I
want to do I want to do that from insert the card screen when we press this order now button.
Right now we're not doing anything there.
Now the goal is to well place and order and all to clear our cart so you're in a card screen.
We already do import use dispatch and we're executing it so that we have to dispatch function.
All we therefore need to do is we need to import everything as order actions from store actions orders
and I'll therefore named as orders actions to be super precise.
And now a year when we click does button this order now button we can execute a function and in this
function we dispatch a redux action the orders action add order.
With this action creator now there we need to pass two things de card items into total amount of course
both is available here total amount is stored in the card total amount constant card items as this year.
So we just forward this we forward card total amount and what's the second argument.
So as a first argument actually the card items like this now please note that with that of course I'm
forwarding card items I'm the storing card items which aren't in the Ray and not in the format I have
it in my card redux store there.
I do have an object but storing such an array of orders should out of card items in order should actually
be fine.
So no need to kind of get debt unchanged.
Object as well.
I'll stick to that array which I know store.
So now we dispatched us to view it.
We now need to add our orders screen of course.
And for Dad I also want to add a menu button and a drawer that allows us to get there as alternative
to our shop screens here.